After three consecutive rounds of stock market losses
Under increasing pressure from public opinion
Two days ago, Yunxiao Sect finally offered to fight
Traditional solutions for stations
It is reported that this war will adopt the method of worshiping mountains
Ye Wuji of Canglan Sect will enter the mountain gate of Yunxiao Sect
Start hitting all the way to the main hall
Right there.
Ye Wuji will hold an event with Ping Xiyue
The world-renowned Tianjiao War
Stop ahead
Wuji, I can only send you here
The rest of the journey is up to you
Master, don't worry.
You are waiting for some injuries in the cloud light
Wuji will not let you down
As expected of my apprentice of Ouyang Xuanji
I'm waiting for your Jaguar in the main hall
Brother Ye, pay attention to safety
Although you have broken through to the seventh stage realm
But everything is for your own safety
Don't hold on
Thank you Liu Shengli for spending money
Who is coming
Brilliant door night without disease
Come to worship the mountain